reorganize docs (#3608)
brimdata/zed: docs/zq/functions/rune_len.md

### Function

> &emsp; **rune_len** &mdash; length of a string in unicode characters

Reviewer: ```suggestion
&emsp; **rune_len** &mdash; length of a string in Unicode code points
```

### Synopsis

```
rune_len(s: string) -> int64
```
### Description

> The _rune_len_ function returns the number of unicode code points in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The _rune_len_ function returns the number of Unicode code points in
```
